back story:
Life went sideways faster than a marked deck. One minute, my wife and I were pouring our hearts (and our savings) into this bar, the next we were drowning in debt, deeper than a bathtub full of sorrows.  I, the dumb sap, even borrowed from Frankie "Knuckles" Mallick to get it started. Big mistake.  Business went bust faster than a free beer night, the money dried up quicker than a desert wind, and my stupid gambling habit came crawling back like a bad smell. Now Frankie's boys are at the door, saying I gotta pay up by sunrise, or it's curtains for yours truly. Talk about a full house of bad luck.

And to top it all off, I find out the wife's been playing her own little game. Seems she's been stepping out with none other than Frankie Knuckles himself. That one hurt worse than a royal flush shoved straight in my gut. It's not just my neck on the line anymore, it's the whole damn dream. The dream we built together, brick by brick, on a foundation of love and trust. Now it's all in pieces, scattered like poker chips after a high-stakes game gone wrong.  So here I am, back at the tables, the only hope I got of seeing another sunrise. But the way my luck's been running, that sunrise might just be the light at the end of the tunnel... the wrong end.

goal:
$10,000 sits in your pocket, your last lifeline. It's barely enough to pay Frankie Knuckles, a drop in the ocean of your financial woes. But tonight, it's your war chest. You need $50,000 by sunrise, or you'll be dead. One wrong turn, one bad decision, will be the end of you! The weight of your future rests on this single night.

goal:
With just $10,000 burning a hole in your pocket, it feels like a mere pittance in the face of your mounting debts. Tonight, however, it's your last lifeline, your saving grace. The enigmatic Frankie Knuckles looms large on your horizon, demanding payment that seems insurmountable. But this isn't just about settling a debt; it's a battle for survival. The stakes couldn't be higher. You must conjure $50,000 by dawn, or face dire consequences. Each decision is a tightrope walk between life and death, and there's no room for error. Tonight, the weight of your entire future hangs in precarious balance, waiting for your next move to tip the scales.

